# Saxe-Lab-Assessment (Chan_Mitchell; SP25)
1. Balancing Experiment Design
   
In this problem, you need to randomize participants and assign their task sequence. Here, I used the "secrets" package which claims to be superior to the random package in python (not producing psuedo random values, https://docs.python.org/3/library/secrets.html). Here, I randomized participants by taking a random index between [0, N), dividing it by 4, and then assigned groups on FactorA based on the remainder. While not done here, to be sure of our randomization during group assignment, we could do compound operations on our random number obtained from secrets.randbelow before taking its remainder. For example, we can sum, divide and round 3 random numbers before taking its remainder in an attempt to clear away any biases. Once participants were randomized, into groups, I reordered participants until group size variance was as close to zero as possible. To do this, I added a member of the group with the greatest number of participants to the group with the least, doing this until the variance remained constant (and as close to 0 as possible).
One limitation come from not guaranteeing balanced task sequences BETWEEN groups. I produced the task sequence assignments based on choosing a random element in the list of task permutations, but by chance we could have a bias in task order in one group, leading to training and ordering effects. If I were to redo this, I would take the size of each group from FactorA and assign task sequences which, at minimum, allow for each pair of FactorB and C to appear first at least once. This would be a first step, but I would most likely ask the lab here what strategies they've used in the past to balance task sequences between groups, given group sizes not necessarily equal to possibly orderings of our tasks. 
